Just because of your wrong judgment
Mr. Su lost 300 million
You are such a loser.
All these years
If my son hadn't helped you run the family business
This property has long been destroyed by you
What's your hurry?
Let the bullets fly for a while
Ah, Mr. Su
Zhongtian Manufacturing fell by 2 billion
And SK Beauty
What's wrong with SK Beauty?
SK Beauty has increased by 100%.
Ah what
What!
100% Miss Xia
Thanks to you.
Let me achieve such high returns in the stock market
No problem.
I'm also a blind cat and met a dead rat, Mr. Su
Then the tens of billions of orders agreed between us
President Su
Hey, I didn't bring any medicine.
I have medicine
Hurry up, hurry up, thank you.
Go to the ambulance go to the ambulance